[Docs] PR for Document that yb_backup doesn't support enums (Doc-PLAT-2598) (#11112)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/yugabyte-platform/back-up-restore-universes/back-up-universe-data/ysql.md

To schedule backups for a later time, or as a recurring task, see [Schedule universe YSQL data backups](../../schedule-data-backups/ysql).

To immediately back up your YugabyteDB universe YSQL data, perform the following:

> 1. Open your universe and select **Backups**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open your universe and select **Backups** tab.
```

Author: Changed

1. Click **Create Backup** to open the **Create Backup** dialog.

    <br/><br/>

    ![Create Backup - YSQL](/images/yp/create-backup-ysql.png)<br><br>

1. Complete the fields presented in the **YSQL** tab.

1. Click **OK** to start the requested backup immediately.

> If the universe has [encryption at rest enabled](../../../security/enable-encryption-at-rest), data files are backed up as-is (encrypted) to reduce the computation cost of a backup and to keep the files encrypted. A universe key metadata file, containing key references, is also backed up. To allow Yugabyte Platform to back up your data with the user authentication enabled, follow the instructions provided in [Edit configuration flags ](../../../manage-deployments/edit-config-flags) to add the `ysql_enable_auth=true` and `ysql_hba_conf_csv="local all all trust"` YB-TServer flags.

Reviewer: Are we removing notes in general from the docs? They looks good to underline edge-cases.

Author: Notes are still useful, but sometimes their are not used correctly (e.g. they are not meant to describe corner cases). In addition, our current css give the Note element too much prominence. It's on the doc team To Do list to redesign Notes, Warnings, Caution, etc.

> Note that currently Yugabyte Platform has one limitation to its backup functionality due to the lack of support for enums. To mitigate the issue, it is recommended that you use the [ysql_dump](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/admin/ysql-dump/) utility and then `/COPY` action for your backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that currently Yugabyte Platform has one limitation to its backup functionality. If your database, managed by the Platform, has enums, please use the [ysql_dump](https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/admin/ysql-dump/) utility to take backups and `/COPY` action to restore.
```

Reviewer: @streddy-yb , please take a look.

Reviewer 2: hi @lizayugabyte - Aayush's fix for PLAT-2591 has already landed in 2.11.2, 2.8, and 2.6 branches. I suggest we rephrase the above statement as follows:
Note that older versions of Yugabyte Platform do not support taking backups of YSQL databases that make use of **enum** types. This limitation is fixed in 2.6.11.0, 2.8.2.0, 2.11.2.0 and newer releases. If you're currently using an older version of Platform that has this limitation, you can use ysql_dump (https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/admin/ysql-dump/) utility directly along with  `/COPY` action to workaround this issue.

Author: Hi @streddy-yb Since the customers would see a specific version of the doc by selecting the release on the doc site, I don't think we need this note in 2.6, 2.8, 2.11 because it's a non-issue for the customers. I'd add the note to 2.4 and 2.2 docs. Please let me know if you are okay with this solution.

Author: Added a note to latest, stable, and 2.6 doc streams.
